ENH: Communication practices (#593)
jupyterhub/team-compass: docs/resources/shared-infrastructure.md

We have [a GitHub organization](https://github.com/jupyterhub/) for hosting all of our code repositories.
This organization is where we do most of the code-related work for the project, and where we have discussions and coordination.

(resources:shared-drive)=

## Google Drive

> We have a [**JupyterHub Team Google Drive**](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B8VZ4vaOYWZ3X29KTzZSemlNSG8) to store documents, presentations, images, etc that are useful to the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a [**JupyterHub Team Google Drive**](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B8VZ4vaOYWZ3X29KTzZSemlNSG8) to store documents, presentations, images, etc that are useful to the team.
```

The `/u/1/` in the Google drive URL means access wll be requested from the users's second Google account if they're logged in to multiple accounts. This should probably be `/u/0/`?

Author: oops good point - I replaced it with the `shared link` which is user-agnostic

> We have a [**JupyterHub Team Google Drive**](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0B8VZ4vaOYWZ3X29KTzZSemlNSG8) to store documents, presentations, images, etc that are useful to the team.

Author: ```suggestion
We have a [**JupyterHub Team Google Drive**](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B8VZ4vaOYWZ3X29KTzZSemlNSG8?resourcekey=0-7kPY41v8FRajEmoW0Ojimg&usp=sharing) to store documents, presentations, images, etc that are useful to the team.
```
